Merge non-reviewed changes into development (#361)
Lembas-Modding-Team/pvp-mode: CHANGELOG.md

* The generated files (for example the LOTR biome ID file) are now in the folder `pvp-mode` in the MC main directory

### LOTR compatibility:
* Basic compatibility for v35.2 of the LOTR Mod
* Removed an invalid and unnecessary line from the default enemy biome override configuration file
* Removed the biomes with the ID 21 and 22 from the default enemy biome configuration file for the Angmar faction
* One can now specify multiple entries with the same faction for the biome overrides
* Added configurable faction placeholders which can be used with the biome overrides 

> * The biome overrides can now also take pledging into account

Reviewer: Ideally, it would be in the first commit that added the pledging specifier. I can do that, but that required rebasing the whole branch. Then I also would merge some commits, so we have a cleaner history. And this PR didn't add any other features that need a changelog entry, only the pledging.

> * The biome overrides can now also take pledging into account

Author: If you could do that that would be great.

> * The biome overrides can now also take pledging into account

Reviewer: Done.

> * The biome overrides can now also take pledging into account

Author: ```suggestion
* In the biome overrides, one can now specify different alignment thresholds for when the player is pledged.
```

Reviewer: I'll rebease it into the commit, but without the points at the end of the sentence
